docs(Fx139): Refresh hidden until found, beforematch (#39591)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/global_attributes/hidden/index.md

## Description

The `hidden` attribute indicates that the content of an element should not be presented to the user.
The attribute takes any one of the following values:

- the keyword `hidden`
- the keyword `until-found`

> - an empty string

Author: Good, let's get rid of the parens

Invalid `hidden=` values also set an element to the _hidden_ state, meaning, all the following elements have a [_hidden_](#the_hidden_state) state:

```html
<span hidden>I'm hidden</span>
<span hidden="">I'm also hidden</span>
<span hidden="hidden">I'm hidden too!</span>
<span hidden="bananas">I'm equally as hidden!</span>
```

The keyword `until-found` sets the element to the [_hidden until found_](#the_hidden_until_found_state) state:

```html
<span hidden="until-found">I'm hidden until found</span>
```

### The hidden state

The _hidden_ state indicates that the element is not currently relevant to the page, or that it is being used to declare content for reuse by other parts of the page and should not be directly presented to the user. The browser will not render elements that are in the _hidden_ state.

Web browsers may implement the _hidden_ state using `display: none`, in which case the element will not participate in page layout.
Additionally, changing the value of the CSS {{cssxref("display")}} property on a hidden element will override the _hidden_ state.
For instance, elements styled `display: block` will be displayed despite the `hidden` attribute's presence.

> ### The hidden until found state

Author: it's more like 'hidden until found' state, or hidden `until-found` value. I think I'll leave it like this for now, what do you think?

> ### The hidden until found state

Author: Going to mark as resolved because of `_hidden until found_ state` usage

In the _hidden until found_ state, the element is hidden but its content will be accessible to the browser's "find in page" feature or to fragment navigation.

> When these features cause a scroll to an element in a _hidden until found_ subtree, the browser will:

Author: same here, I think I'll leave this: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#attr-hidden-until-found-state

- fire a [`beforematch`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/beforematch_event) event on the hidden element
- remove the `hidden` attribute from the element

> - scroll to the element

Author: good idea

> - scroll to the element

Author: done in ad9ef2b3ba33bf7c274173cac07f3aa62eba0201

This enables a developer to collapse a section of content, but make it searchable and accessible through navigation.

> Browsers typically implement _hidden until found_ using {{cssxref("content-visibility", "content-visibility: hidden")}}.

Author: same as above

> Browsers typically implement _hidden until found_ using {{cssxref("content-visibility", "content-visibility: hidden")}}.

Reviewer: Oops the edit suggestion was about the hyphen but the comment was about replacing the cssxref. Not a show-stopper though.

This means that, unlike elements in the _hidden_ state, elements in the _hidden until found_ state will have generated boxes, and:

- the element will participate in page layout
- margin, borders, padding, and background for the element will be rendered.

Also, the element needs to be affected by [layout containment](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_containment) in order to be revealed.
If the element in the _hidden until found_ state has a `display` value of `none`, `contents`, or `inline`, then the element will not be revealed by "find in page" or fragment navigation.

> ### Usage notes

Author: good idea

The `hidden` attribute must not be used to hide content just from one presentation.
If something is marked hidden, it is hidden from all presentations, including, for instance, screen readers.

Hidden elements shouldn't be linked from non-hidden elements. For example, it would be incorrect to use the `href` attribute to link to a section marked with the `hidden` attribute. If the content is not applicable or relevant, then there is no reason to link to it.

> It would be fine, however, to use the ARIA [`aria-describedby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-describedby) attribute to refer to descriptions that are themselves hidden. While hiding the descriptions implies that they are not useful on their own, they could be written in such a way that they are useful in the specific context of being referenced from the element that they describe.

Author: much better

Similarly, a canvas element with the `hidden` attribute could be used by a scripted graphics engine as an off-screen buffer, and a form control could refer to a hidden form element using its form attribute.

> Elements that are descendants of a hidden element are still active, which means that script elements can still execute and form elements can still submit.

Author: done in ad9ef2b3ba33bf7c274173cac07f3aa62eba0201

## Examples

### Using the hidden attribute

In this example we have three {{HTMLElement("div")}} elements. The first and the third are not hidden, while the second has a `hidden` attribute.
Note that the hidden element has no generated box.

```html
<div>I'm not hidden</div>
<div hidden>I'm hiding!</div>
<div>I'm not hidden, either</div>
```

```css hidden
div {
  height: 40px;
  width: 300px;
  border: 5px dashed black;
  margin: 1rem 0;
  padding: 1rem;
  font-size: 2rem;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("using_the_hidden_attribute", "", 300)}}

### Using until-found

In this example we have three {{HTMLElement("div")}} elements.
The first and the third are not hidden, while the second has `hidden="until-found"` and `id="until-found-box"` attributes.
The _hidden until found_ element has a dotted red border and a gray background.

We also have a link whose target is the `"until-found-box"` fragment and JavaScript that listens for the `beforematch` event firing on the hidden until found element.

> The event handler changes the text content of the box as illustration of an action that can be taken when _hidden until found_ state is about to be removed.

Author: small tweak, but adding 👍🏻

#### Result

> Clicking the "Go to hidden content" button navigates to the _hidden until found_ element. The `beforematch` event fires, the text content is updated, and the element content is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the "Go to hidden content" link navigates to the _hidden until-found_ element. The `beforematch` event fires, the text content is updated, and the element becomes visible.
```
